---
layout: post
title: Day 4 - Understanding GraphQL
---

## What I did today

- Woke up today to find that my Github Pages broke. Debugged today with @Damon. It turns out Yahoo's internal GH Pages has a different build process than that of regular Github. So I'm just going to push these past two days onto my personal Github page and go from there.
- In depth learning about GraphQL and Next.Js.
- Setting up correct directory structure and following naming conventions according to the internal codebase
- I uploaded an 'About Me' slide for tomorrow's internship activity.

## GraphQL

- The GraphQL schema language has its own syntax and thus schemas language-agnostic
- The basic component of a GraphQL schema are **object types**, which represent a type of object you can fetch from the service
- Object types conatin **fields**, either which must describe either other objects types, scalars or enums.

### Fields

- Every field on a GraphQl object type can have zero or more arguments. 
	- Arguments are passed by name specifically. 
	- Arguments can be optional by providing a default value
- Marking a field type with a '!' (e.g. `name: String!`) means it is non-nullable, meaning the service always promise to give you a value when you query the field
- Marking an field type with `[Type]` represents an array of that object

### Scalar types

- Int
- Float
- String
- Boolean
- ID

### Enumeration types

- A special kind of scalar that is restricted to a particular set allowed values
- Allows a field to be one of a finite set of values

```js
enum Artists {
	DISCLOSURE
	SUFJANSTEVENS
	MFDOOM
}
```

Means that whenever `Artists` is used within the schema, it can only be one of these values.